docs(CONTRIBUTING): add note about CI, reorganize (#1242)
flox/flox: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

## PR Guidelines

### CLA

- [ ] All commits in a Pull Request are
      [signed](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits)
      and Verified by Github or via GPG.
- [ ] As an outside contributor you need to accept the flox
      [Contributor License Agreement](.github/CLA.md) by adding your Git/Github
      details in a row at the end of the
      [`CONTRIBUTORS.csv`](.github/CONTRIBUTORS.csv) file by way of the same
      pull request or one done previously.

### CI

CI can only be run against the flox/flox repository - it can't be run on forks.
To run CI on external contributions, a maintainer will have to fetch the branch
for a PR and push it to a branch in the flox/flox repo.
The maintainer reviewing a PR will run CI after approving the PR.
If you ever need a run triggered, feel free to ping your reviewer!

### Commits

This project follows (tries to),
[conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

We employ [commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)
to help enforcing those rules.

**Commit messages that explain the content of the commit are appreciated**

-----

> For starters: commit messages shold have to follow the pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For starters: commit messages should follow the pattern:
```
